README.md, before:

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [Personal Portfolio] <a name="about-project"></a>

> This project includes html and css files to build a portfolio depending upon the Figma design.

**[Personal Portfolio]** is my first portfolio that includes figma design.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

> Describe the tech stack and include only the relevant sections that apply to your project.

- Webhint
- Styleint
- Technologies used

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

> Link to the deployed project.

- [Live Demo Link](https://yidnekachew-cmd.github.io/Personal-Portfolio/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p> -->

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

> To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

> In order to run this project you need:

- Install code editor.
- Install git.
- Have github account.

### Setup

> Clone this repository to your desired folder:

- git clone git@github.com:Yidnekachew-cmd/Personal-Portfolio.git

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Author <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Yidnekachew Kassahun**

- GitHub: [Yidnekachew-cmd](https://github.com/Yidnekachew-cmd)
- Twitter: [@Yidnekassahun](https://twitter.com/Yidnekassahun)
- LinkedIn: [yidne kassahun](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yidnekachew-kassahun-2b817a24b/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project you can clone it and use it.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

> Give credit to everyone who inspired your codebase.

I would like to thank my friends Ermi, Nehmi, Aman And besu.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Add a modified README.md file that has the link for the loomvideo of the project presentation.

README.md, after:

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
- [🚀 Loom Video](#loom-video)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [Personal Portfolio] <a name="about-project"></a>

> This project includes html and css files to build a portfolio depending upon the Figma design.

**[Personal Portfolio]** is my first portfolio that includes figma design.

<!-- LOOM VIDEO -->

## 🚀 Loom Video <a name="loom-video"></a>

> Link to the loom video of the project description.

- [Loom Video Link](https://www.loom.com/share/dd58b658d5264f9ea9f8492f22d39c4c)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p> -->

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

`

> Describe the tech stack and include only the relevant sections that apply to your project.

- Webhint
- Styleint
- Technologies used

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

> Link to the deployed project.

- [Live Demo Link](https://yidnekachew-cmd.github.io/Personal-Portfolio/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

> To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

> In order to run this project you need:

- Install code editor.
- Install git.
- Have github account.

### Setup

> Clone this repository to your desired folder:

- git clone git@github.com:Yidnekachew-cmd/Personal-Portfolio.git

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Author <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Yidnekachew Kassahun**

- GitHub: [Yidnekachew-cmd](https://github.com/Yidnekachew-cmd)
- Twitter: [@Yidnekassahun](https://twitter.com/Yidnekassahun)
- LinkedIn: [yidne kassahun](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yidnekachew-kassahun-2b817a24b/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project you can clone it and use it.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

> Give credit to everyone who inspired your codebase.

I would like to thank my friends Ermi, Nehmi, Aman And besu.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
